# Data supplement: _Nonadiabatic force matching for alchemical free-energy estimation_

This repository contains all of the numerical results presented in the journal article titled ___Nonadiabatic force matching for alchemical free-energy estimation___, authored by [Jorge L. Rosa-Raíces](mailto:jrosaraices@berkeley.edu) and [David T. Limmer](mailto:dlimmer@berkeley.edu) at UC Berkeley.  The article is available [on arXiv](https://arxiv.org/abs/2508.14179) and has been published in the _Journal of Chemical Theory and Computation_ [(DOI: 10.1021/acs.jctc.5c01478)](https://pubs.acs.org/doi/abs/10.1021/acs.jctc.5c01478).

This repository is organized as follows:

- Folder `simulation_scripts` encloses all of the _Python 3_ scripts that were used to generate the raw simulation data for the WCA monomer solvation and the LJ solid formation problems.  The scripts crucially depend on CUDA-enabled installations of the [HOOMD-blue](https://hoomd-blue.readthedocs.io/en/v5.1.0/) and [PyTorch](https://docs.pytorch.org/docs/2.6/) packages.  Alongside the _Python 3_ scripts, each folder contains _bash_ scripts with command-line instructions to generate the trajectory data for each system with the appropriate simulation parameters.
- Folder `post-processing_scripts` encloses _Python 3_ scripts to postprocess the raw trajectory data generated by the code in `simulation_scripts`, and _bash_ scripts with command-line instructions to run the corresponding _Python 3_ scripts.
- Folder `plotting_scripts` encloses _Python 3_ scripts to generate the figures in the article from the post-processed trajectory data generated by the scripts in `post-processing_scripts` for each system.
- Folder `numerical_results` encloses the simulation data plotted in the article as generated by the scripts in `post-processing_scripts` from our own numerical data.

While the code provided herein should be sufficient to fully reproduce the numerical results presented in the article, the authors will gladly provide the raw and post-processed numerical data upon reasonable request.
